docs(cli+webui normalization): Match both CLI and Web UI features (#2646)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/cli/running-tests.md

# Running Tests From the Command Line Interface (CLI)

Once you have created a test, whether from the Tracetest UI or via a text editor, you will need the capabity to run it via the Command Line Interface (CLI) to integrate it into your CI/CD process or your local development workflow.

The documentation for running a test via the CLI can be found here:

- [tracetest test run](./reference/tracetest_test_run.md): This page provides examples of using this command.

## Running Your First Test

> To run a test, give the path to the test definition file with the `'-d'` option. This will launch a test, providing us with a link to the created test run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a test, give the path to the test definition file with the `'-d'` option. This will launch a test and provide with link to the created test run.
```
